[suspenseful music playing]
[Michelle] You've been wasting away
in the basement.
How would you like to be a night agent?
Think he's our guy?
He could be getting ready
to pass on more intel.
-Recognize him?
-No.
[Alice] I'll take the new guy,
you take Warren.
[Peter] He just made a drop.
[Alice] I'll come meet you.
[indistinct chatter]
[gun firing]
Alice, I'm made!
Shit, me too!
[Peter panting]
Alice!
-[gun firing]
-[Alice grunting]
[gun firing]
[keyboard clacking]
-Peter Sutherland?
-Still haven't located him.
Figured out what went wrong in Bangkok?
His training was accelerated.
He was pushed into the field too quickly.
So you think Peter is the problem?
-Who is this?
-I'm looking for Peter Sutherland.
How… how do you know Peter?
You got a call about Peter
from a man you didn't know.
When we find Peter,
I'll let you know he's safe.
Where are you?
-[Peter] What's up?
-Stuff with my dad.
-You haven't talked to him?
-[Ethan] He's talking to me on Signal.
[Peter] Messenger app, right?
[cell phone chiming]
-Get on the ground!
-You need me alive, don't you?
[objects clattering]
[suspenseful music swelling]
-Rose?
-Peter.
Shit.
[both grunting]
[music fades]
[opening theme music playing]
[helicopter blades whirring]
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[buckle clicking]
I'm Catherine.
You my handler?
Uh, case officer.
We like to think night agents
can handle themselves.
[Peter chuckling]
Welcome to Thailand.
-How was your processing in Germany?
-It was fine.
I was there a lot longer
than I thought I'd be.
Long enough to knock
that G-man look off you.
Getting all those tattoos removed,
that can't have been pleasant.
They didn't give me much of a choice.
You read the briefing?
What there was of it. When do I start?
Well, first things first.
There's credible evidence of a leak
in the CIA station here in Bangkok.
The agency's internal investigation
yielded nothing,
so our job is to find out
who it is and why
without tipping off the spooks
that they're being investigated.
Understood.
Then maybe you also understand
why I'm a little bit skeptical
in your ability to succeed
in Night Action.
-I'm sorry?
-Analysis, okay. Logistics, fine.
But field work?
Even you know you're not ready for that.
What is, uh, is happening?
I'm giving you the chance to turn around
and go and work for the FBI.
You're here because POTUS
pushed you on us,
not because you cleared
the proper channels,
or cleared the usual hurdles.
This job is going to ask a lot of you.
And it's okay to admit you're not ready.
It takes a certain kind of person
to succeed as a night agent.
There's no shame in quitting.
Actually, quite the opposite.
It's better that you make that choice now
than for me
to have to make it for you later.
I can do this.
[tense music playing]
Peter, this is Alice.
-Hi.
-Nice to finally have you here.
She'll oversee your training
on this assignment, so follow her lead.
Don't worry, I have a soft touch.
I oversee agents in other countries,
so I'll be in and out
to check on your progress,
which means Alice decides
if and when you're ready for the field.
-I thought that--
-I know what you thought.
But training comes first.
I'll leave you to it. Keep me up to speed.
So this is it, huh?
This is it.
No field office, no central HQ,
no support staff, no footprint.
We only exist here as if we're civilians.
Oh, speaking of, let me see your phone.
All right, my cell phone
is already programmed in.
You memorized the local number
for the emergency Night Action line?
-Yeah.
-Good.
Under no circumstances
should that number be saved in that phone.
In the U.S., we might be a rumor,
but out here, we don't exist.
Can I actually save
some personal contacts before you--
Is this about the Larkin girl?
I read your file.
It's my job to know where you come from.
-Don't take it the wrong way.
-It's fine.
I just…
I said I'd call her if I could and--
[Alice] Let me give you advice
I learned the hard way.
You're a night agent now.
Relationships are dangerous,
even more so for normal people,
which we are not.
I suggest, as of now,
no longer having any personal contacts.
It's easier to just make a clean break.
Any objections?
No, ma'am.
[water sploshing]
[Alice] Hmm.
Just Alice.
-You can save the "ma'ams" for Catherine.
-Got it.
I know she comes off
a little intimidating, but she does care,
which is rare in this field.
When you first joined,
did she try to talk you into quitting too?
No. She recruited me.
[both chuckling]
We're gonna get you
where you need to go. Come on.
[tense music playing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[both panting]
[man panting]
Who is that?
Head down to the other end.
Get us a way out of here. Go.
Peter!
[car engine revving]
[tires screeching]
[Peter] This way.
Wait, wait, wait.
[glass shatters]
Go, go, go, go!
Go around the side.
Try and cut them off in the back.
[Peter straining]
[door thudding]
-[gun firing]
-[Rose screaming]
[Rose gasping]
-[door thudding]
-[Peter] Move!
[all grunting]
[both grunting]
[Rose] Hey!
[man grunting]
[both grunting]
[man grunting, groaning]
Rose, come on!
[man groaning]
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[Peter] There.
[suspenseful music playing]
Wh… what are you doing?
We need to get out of here.
Take us a few blocks up.
-That's not how Uber works.
-You sure about that?
[Rose panting]
All right.
-[Peter] Go. Come on.
-Go.
[gears shifting]
[man groaning]
-Ah!
-How bad is it?
[man] I'll live.
You see where they went?
[tires screeching]
[Peter] You okay?
-I don't know. What just happened?
-I'll tell you at home.
Where's home?
[car alarm chirping]
[car door opening]
[siren wailing in distance]
[car engine starting]
[door opening]
[music fades]
[lock clicking]
[latch clicking]
Listen, nobody can know
where I am right now.
Okay. So you need to tell me
how you found me.
[Rose] I found a picture online.
You were in the background of some woman's
selfie in a rundown urgent care.
-From there, I… I just did my thing.
-What do you mean, did your thing?
I need to know exactly how you found me.
Okay? I need to know everything.
I know, and I'm trying to tell you. I--
I'm sorry. I just have to think.
Someone just tried to kill us.
Again.
[car horns honking in distance]
Peter, you're bleeding.
Oh shit.
-Do you need help?
-No, it's fine.
It's just infected.
That's why I was at that urgent care.
I needed antibiotics.
[Rose] A woman there told me
about the shelter where you were staying.
And then the guy at the shelter
told me about the basketball court.
When I got to the court, I met this kid
whose phone you stole, apparently,
and I tracked that number and found you.
You tracked that number?
No one else knows where you are.
Okay. Thank you.
[cell phone clattering]
-I'm sorry.
-I get it. It's fine.
So why'd you come after me?
Because I haven't heard from you
in ten months.
And then I get a call from a stranger
asking about you out of the blue,
and it scared the shit out of me.
-Uh, who… who called you?
-I don't know. A man.
He said that you were in trouble
and that he wanted to help you.
So I reached out to Travers,
and this woman named Catherine turned up.
She said that you work for her.
-You talked to Catherine?
-Yes.
-What'd she say?
-Nothing.
She asked me a bunch of questions
that I didn't have the answers to, and…
[inhales deeply]
Look, Peter, I… I didn't know
if you were alive or dead.
You wanna tell me what's going on?
[Peter sighing]
I can't get you involved in this.
They called me looking for you.
And a half hour ago,
they were shooting at us.
I'm kind of involved.
What happened to you, Peter?
Why did you take that kid's phone?
[Peter] To track down him.
That's Warren Stocker.
That's the kid's father.
He's the key to all of this.
All of what?
What aren't you telling me?
A month ago, the op I was on went bad.
[tense music playing]
It was just supposed to be surveillance.
You know, identify who was leaking
CIA intel and find the buyer.
But… I don't know.
Something else was going on.
Because that guy that shot at us tonight,
he was there.
Okay? And he ambushed us
at an extraction point
that no one outside of Night Action
should've known about.
He, um… he killed my partner.
-My God. I'm… I'm sorry.
-I don't know if Catherine's involved.
I don't know
if Night Action is compromised.
And until I figure it out, I…
I cannot trust anyone.
Except me, right?
[dramatic music playing]
Except you.
This cannot be like last time.
[Rose sighing]
I can't keep you safe, Rose.
I didn't mean to get in the way. I was…
I was just trying to help, okay?
And honestly, if you hadn't been there,
I probably wouldn't have seen
the other guy chasing me, so…
So I kind of saved you in a way.
[both chuckling]
Let's get some rest. Okay?
We'll figure all this out in the morning.
You take the bed, I'll take the couch.
No, I… I can take the couch. It's fine.
Rose, it's safer for you
behind another door.
Right.
-Hey, Rose?
-Yeah?
[Peter] Next time
you go chasing after someone,
don't wear heels.
It's good to see you.
Yeah, you too.
[man in Farsi] You know how hard it is
to travel to Iran with two kids…
It's not easy, but this year I'm trying
to take them up north for two weeks
to see their grandmother.
What about you?
Here's the research you wanted.
-Leave it on my desk.
-Of course.
[man in Farsi] Her health is failing,
so we want to see her soon.
-[man 2] Miss Taheri.
-Yes.
The kitchen staff said they needed
an extra hand with something.
I told them you would assist.
-Of course.
-Thank you.
[indistinct chatter]
[in Farsi] In the name of God.
One moment, attention, please.
Thank you.
Your behavior reflects
on this mission and on our country.
So with the General Assembly
convening next week,
I urge you all
to comport yourselves appropriately
because we will be under a microscope.
I also remind you that due to
the Americans'
overinflated paranoia about Iran,
all staff members of this mission
are confined to a strict perimeter
within the city.
Should you be found outside the perimeter,
they will detain you
for questioning and deportation.
As some of you already know,
Houshang had to return home
for a family emergency.
So if you have any questions
about our security protocols,
please consult Javad Rahmani.
He's our new head of mission security.
Thank you.
[tense music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[in Farsi] Noor,
let the cleaning staff handle that.
[in Farsi] I don't mind.
I actually think
the ambassador prefers the mess.
It's fine. I'm used to cleaning up
after my little brother.
But you aren't Abbas' sister.
You're his assistant.
Don't make his other assistant look bad.
I saw Javad noticing you.
It's his job to keep eyes on us.
Yeah.
-Seemed like he only had eyes for you.
-Haleh.
You're the only unmarried woman
in the mission.
He has a good job, great hair.
He's a catch.
I don't know him.
So get to know him.
You're a catch too. What's the harm?
Haleh, when is the cut-off time to have
these cleaned and ready for tomorrow?
[Haleh] Uh… One o'clock.
One…
Then you better go now.
But we have a briefing in ten minutes.
I'm supposed to take notes.
I can drop it off during my lunch.
Thank you, Ms. Taheri.
I admire your initiative.
Stop making me look bad.
[contemplative music playing]
[Peter gasping]
-Hey, what are you doing?
-Relax.
Nothing happened on your video feed.
[Peter sighing]
You shouldn't be looking at my stuff.
Warren Stocker, right? I'm getting close.
I mean, consumer-grade facial recognition
does bring back a lot of false positives,
but I did manage to pick up
a couple of hits from the city,
all from the past week.
[Peter] Wait, holy shit. What is this?
[Rose] I couldn't sleep last night.
And whenever that happens, I, uh,
need to distract myself with something.
So I thought I could help you
find your guy the same way I found you.
If I could just recode the interface
to take in more search parameters at once.
Interface of what? What the…
What the hell are you talking about, Rose?
I'm helping code this new
marketing protocol called AdVerse.
It can scrape the Internet
for any combination of search attributes.
So, like, text, photos, locations,
whatever you feed it
helps narrow the search.
I started tweaking it
when I needed to find you.
And here's the latest hit
on your guy from last night,
now with embedded location data.
Looks like he was headed back to the city.
-Yeah, that's him.
-It's from a traffic cam.
I have no idea where he went from there.
Wait, so, whoa, hold on.
You didn't sleep at all last night?
Not really. It's fine.
That's as far as I got.
The interface can only look at
publicly available, archived data.
Like, old shit. A 12-hour delay at best.
-Not even close to real time.
-I don't know, that's pretty cool.
So this is your company, huh?
Is this what you're doing, now?
[Rose] I wrote most of the code, but no.
I'm just an employee.
I thought you wanted
to start your own thing.
Like do your own company and stuff.
Yeah, well,
there's a lot you missed in ten months.
-[train rattling, screeching]
-[cup clanking]
Listen…
Rose, I… I wanted to call you.
Oh, Peter, it's fine. We-- We don't--
-No, it's not--
-No--
It's not fine.
[Rose sighing heavily]
Okay? I'm sorry. I should have called you.
I know what you're doing is important,
but now you need help.
Yeah. [scoffing]
If you knew you couldn't trust anyone,
why not reach out to Travers?
Being a night agent, it's not like
answering the phone for them.
Okay? I can't go to the President
until I get Warren
and find out what intel
he was leaking to who,
and who at Night Action is compromised.
Because if it's Catherine,
she could be bad-mouthing me to POTUS.
No, I need undeniable proof
before I go to her.
What's it like, you know, uh,
being a night agent?
I know how excited you were
getting on that plane.
[Peter] Yeah.
It's like being a rod bearing.
-Okay.
-You're not the car.
You're not even the engine.
You're just a really, really small,
really important piece of the engine.
And you can't fail.
Because if you fail, everything around you
starts falling apart.
And, uh…
Yeah, you can't let that happen.
Well, it looks like you're on
the right track.
New York is one of the most
heavily surveilled cities in the country.
-Warren will probably turn up again.
-We'll see.
[Rose] Now, can I ask, is that his house?
Or is that just a VHS tape
from the year 1995 playing on a loop?
I don't really have access
to an FBI surveillance kit at the moment,
so it's the best I got.
So you bought some discount-bin cameras
from the last remaining Radio Shack?
[chuckling]
-Works, doesn't it?
-Yeah, I guess.
[exhaling] No, that…
That townhouse used to be his,
but he lost that
and custody of Ethan in a divorce.
About a month ago, he had fake passports
made for him and his son.
I think he's trying to take Ethan
and disappear.
[Rose] So you know that Ethan's dad
is trying to take him,
and instead of telling the police,
you're waiting for it to happen?
He's the only lead I have.
I'll keep Ethan safe.
Oh, something is up.
[Peter] They're going to his basketball
game. Ethan's in the playoffs.
-How do you know that?
-Started coaching Ethan at the park.
Coaching him or pickpocketing him?
I learned from the best.
-Wait, where are you going?
-Warren might be trying to grab him.
-You stay here, and then when I'm back--
-No, I'm not staying here by myself.
[tense music playing]
Didn't you hear anything I had to say?
I cannot take you with me.
I can't protect you.
And I can't be alone right now.
Besides, I can help, you know.
Am I safer with you or alone?
[suspenseful music playing]
[train rattling]
[van alarm chirping]
[van door opening]
[van door closing]
[van engine starting]
[indistinct chatter]
Ethan. Ethan. Hey. Hey, buddy. Hey.
What's going on?
Should I go?
-[Ethan] What happened to your face?
-Nothing. I just took a really bad fall.
-It's good to see you, pal.
-You too.
Okay, look, I know we talked about
meeting up a little bit later on,
but some things have come up.
We have to head out now
if we're gonna get time to see each other.
-What about my game?
-We're gonna have to skip it.
But it's really important
that we leave right now, okay?
Yeah? Let's go. Come on.
[man] Ethan?
You still in here? It's game time.
Come on, let's go!
Ethan, what are you do--
Warren? What's going on?
-Ethan, grab your coat. Wait outside.
-Hey, no, wait a minute.
Go to your mom, Ethan, right now.
I'm your father, not him.
Grab your coat and wait outside.
I wanna talk to Frank.
[locker latch clicking]
[tense music playing]
Hey, Ethan, don't. Just…
[Warren breathing heavily]
-He's not your kid.
-You're violating a court order.
[Warren] You violated my goddamn marriage.
You're fucking my wife
while I serve this country?
You're living in my home with my son?
You're lecturing me about what's right?
How about what's right for Ethan?
-[Warren straining]
-[Frank grunting]
-[Warren grunting]
-[Frank yelping]
[both grunting]
-[kids clamoring]
-[sneakers squeaking]
[whispering] Locker room.
[Frank groaning]
-[Peter] Oh shit.
-[Rose] Hey, I got him. Go.
-Okay.
-Okay. Hey.
[suspenseful music playing]
-[kids clamoring]
-[sneakers squeaking]
[door closing]
[woman] What happened?
It… it was Warren. He took Ethan.
You have any idea
where Warren's taking him?
David, what are you doing here?
Where's Ethan?
Patricia, listen to me, okay? I'm FBI.
It's important that you tell me
anything you might know
about where Warren might be going.
[Patricia] I don't know! [crying]
Hey, look at me. My name's Rose,
and I'm gonna help you, okay?
-You can handle it.
-What's going on?
Warren's trying to flee with Ethan.
We can stop him if you help.
He's trying to kidnap Ethan?
He's a lunatic.
-We have to call the police.
-You should, but Warren has a head start.
-Can you tell us about where he might go?
-I have no idea.
When you were married, did he talk about
emergency scenarios, meet-up points?
Sure. He said it was normal
in his line of work.
Would you remember
where any of them are on a map?
-Maybe some.
-You got something?
He's gotta have a way out of the country.
We gotta narrow it down.
I can sort the AdVerse results
by location.
Maybe seeing where he's been
will tell us where he's going.
Okay, here we go.
Are any of these places familiar?
That one, kind of.
-Long Island?
-[Patricia] My parents live there.
There's an old motel
in the middle of Farmingdale
he said to go to
if anything ever happened.
-What else is in the area?
-Private companies, mostly.
There's a small airport, flight schools.
-He's a pilot.
-My God!
[Peter] We'll stop him.
What you guys need to do is call
the police, tell them what happened.
And then go home.
Maybe Ethan got away
and he's trying to get back.
[indistinct chatter]
[suspenseful music playing]
[door creaking]
How long will it take
to arrange the paperwork?
Let's just see if you got the goods here.
Yeah, this is worthless.
I can't do anything with this.
But I copied this directly
from our mission's files.
It… it has details
of Iran's drone program.
There's nothing in here
we haven't seen before.
You said the CIA
would grant me and my family asylum
if I gave you intelligence.
First off, you came to us.
And second,
we're interested in valuable intelligence.
And without that, the CIA is under
no obligation to meet your demands.
Sorry.
Do you know what will happen to me
if I'm caught stealing from the mission?
[man] Of course I know.
But that was your choice.
You think you're the first foreigner
to promise us intelligence
in exchange for some kind of a favor?
-I've played this game before.
-This is not a game to me.
[Noor] I only have one week
to get my brother out of Iran.
And if I defect,
I cannot leave him or my mother behind,
or they will face retaliation.
Okay, look, we wanna help,
but you have to earn it.
Still have that burner phone?
All right, you come up with
something extraordinary,
you know how to get a hold of me.
The… the ambassador
has been having secret meetings
with an American
in the intelligence community.
You know this how?
I heard a rumor at the mission.
Rumor.
If it's true, it means
you Americans may have a leak.
If it's true, find proof.
Then maybe we can help you.
[officer] Anything else you can provide?
[indistinct chatter]
-Patricia?
-Yes?
I'd like to talk to you
about your ex-husband.
-Did you catch the psychotic prick?
-Who are you?
I'm with the FBI.
Have David and Rose found Ethan?
-David and Rose?
-Your two agents.
They were here after Warren took Ethan.
They went chasing after him.
-Him?
-Yeah, David.
Has he found my son?
-Where's your phone?
-I don't have it.
Are you positive?
I gotta make sure no one's tracking us.
I don't know where it went.
It got mixed up with one of my friend's.
-Yeah, what friend?
-David.
The guy who's been coaching me.
That guy's not your friend, okay?
That guy used you to get to me!
To hurt me, you understand?
-Where are we going?
-Someplace safe.
Well, what about Mom?
[tense music playing]
[Warren sighing]
Okay, uh, Mom, um…
Look, I know that everything's
moving really fast right now,
but it's gonna be okay. I'll explain
everything when we get out of here.
[breathing heavily] You and me,
we're starting over, okay?
Trust me. Yeah? Trust me?
Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. All right.
Help! There's an emergency on the runway.
I… I need your help.
-Stay.
-[Rose] Quick!
What happened?
My friend, she fell,
and she's unconscious,
and there's no one around,
and I need your help.
[both grunting]
[suspenseful music playing]
[Rose] Ethan, come with me.
[both grunting]
[Warren grunting]
[Rose] Come on!
[Warren yelling]
[Warren] Get away from him!
[both grunting]
[container clattering]
[Warren] Ethan!
[Peter grunting, groaning]
[both grunting]
[Warren straining]
[Peter gasping]
[Warren grunting]
[Peter panting]
[both grunting]
[Warren yelling]
[Warren groaning, gasping]
[music fades]
Ethan!
[Ethan breathing heavily]
What are you two doing with him?
We're taking him home to his mom.
Taxi's on the way.
-What are you doing with my dad?
-I work for the government.
[Warren grunting]
And your dad's done some bad things.
No, Ethan. Don't listen to him.
Ethan, he's lying.
Peter, he doesn't need to see any of this.
Peter? Your name isn't David?
Look, I know
this doesn't make any sense right now.
And believe me, I know exactly
what you're going through, okay?
I'm sorry.
You don't deserve any of this.
[dramatic music playing]
[Warren] Wait, please. [grunting]
Ethan, I can explain. Wait.
Wait, wait, please.
I love you!
-[Rose] You sure you don't wanna talk?
-Just leave me alone.
[Peter] Hey, Ethan.
Hey. [panting]
Your dad's going to be safe, okay?
I promise.
Hey, uh, excuse me.
Can you just wait a minute, please?
Look, I'm sorry
that you got caught up in all this,
but I couldn't have found Warren
without you, so thank you.
What? What is it?
Just don't ever stop being
the real Peter, okay?
Don't do anything to him you'll regret.
Everything in the van,
the apartment, it's not you.
When I'm done here,
I'll come find you and explain everything.
Okay.
So after I drop Ethan home,
I'm gonna fly back to California.
Good.
Do me a favor.
Get the night bus out of Chinatown, okay?
Go up to Boston, fly out of Logan Airport.
It'll be safer that way.
-What about you?
-I'll be fine.
Okay.
Be careful, okay?
Yeah.
[siren wailing in distance]
[tense music playing]
[light switch clicking]
[drawer opening, closing]
[mouse clicking]
[knocking on door]
[in Farsi] What are you doing here?
[in Farsi] Just cleaning up.
You're an aide here, yes?
[Noor] Yes. Just a junior aide, actually.
Trying to make a good impression
on the ambassador.
I apologize if I kept you here late.
I'm Noor.
Javad.
I've seen you.
Excuse me?
Where's your family from?
Isfahan.
Mine too.
I grew up near Ghadir Garden.
You did?
I used to walk by there
on my way to school.
There's a shop on the north side
that makes great zoolbia.
-Maison Chai?
-Yes!
[both chuckling]
Wow, small world.
I didn't think I would miss home much.
But now that you mention it,
I could really go for some zoolbia.
You can find any cuisine in New York.
Even Persian food.
I better put this away.
May I walk you back to the residences?
That's very kind of you.
But I don't want to trouble you.
It's no trouble.
Besides, American streets
aren't always safe,
especially at night.
I also don't mind waiting
if you have other work
you need to finish first.
All right then. Thank you.
[Javad] You're welcome.
[light switch clicking]
[suspenseful music playing]
Am I ever gonna get to see my son again?
[indistinct chatter over radio]
[cell phone ringing]
-Hello?
-It's Director Gedney.
I'm with Deputy Director Mosley
at his office.
What fresh hell
has the FBI and CIA heads convening?
Can't be good.
The President wanted us to inform you
of a tip the CIA received today.
An asset under development in New York
approached us
about a U.S. intelligence leak.
Seems the Iranians may have come
into possession of classified information.
We think this could be related
to your case.
POTUS wants to bring
Night Action in on it.
You think Warren Stocker came back
to the city to sell intel to the Iranians?
[Gedney] Unclear.
We're trying to verify details.
[Catherine] Returning to U.S. soil
to commit more crimes
when you're already being hunted,
well, that's either stupid or stubborn.
Who's the asset you're developing?
[elevator chiming]
[in Farsi] Thank you.
No, don't visit Times Square.
[in Farsi] But that's New York.
It's a circus. Trust me.
If you want to experience the city,
visit the bodegas.
All kinds of people go there.
And they have everything.
I'll take your word for it.
[indistinct chatter]
Thank you for walking me back.
I'll see you at the office tomorrow.
[Javad] Yes.
And maybe during lunch,
you can introduce me
to New York-style Persian food.
I usually work through lunch.
Of course.
Well, good night.
Good night.
[keys jangling]
[lock clicking]
[Javad] Noor?
[Noor] Yes?
[Javad] You're not just an aide, you know.
Your work is important.
I'm sure your family is very proud of you.
[dramatic music playing]
[Rose] Hey, Ethan.
Parents make mistakes, okay?
They can make mistakes, but also love you.
-[Ethan] Mom!
-[Patricia] Ethan!
[inaudible]
The Chinatown bus, please.
[gears shifting]
[in Farsi] Are you eating well?
[Noor] Yes, Mom. Don't worry.
You look pale.
Are you eating enough fruits?
[Noor] I am. Want to see?
Yes.
Look.
-Are those strawberries?
-Yes.
They're huge!
-How much did all that cost?
-Not much, really.
You can find all kinds
of fruits and vegetables here,
and they're not as expensive as back home.
-Must be so nice.
-It is, Mom.
I wish I could show you.
[woman] I need to go stir the porridge.
Farhad! Talk to your sister.
[Noor] Good morning, brother.
When are you coming home?
So you miss me, huh?
I miss having someone else
to help Mom with all the chores.
[Noor] Fair.
-Do you know what would be even better?
-What?
[Noor] If you came to visit me,
we'd have no chores.
I'd take you around the city.
That would be fun, right?
Some day, maybe.
Yes, maybe someday.
[Peter breathing heavily]
If you're gonna torture me,
just… [scoffing]
My father sold state secrets too.
Did you know that?
I didn't wanna believe it at first,
but it's true.
You know why he did it?
To provide for you.
I'd like to believe that.
But the real answer is I have no idea.
What I do know is that he regretted it.
And right before he died,
he decided to do the right thing.
Now, I get it.
I understand why someone would sacrifice
everything for their family.
I admire it, even. I do.
And if that's the reason
my dad did what he did,
then I might be able to forgive him.
Now, listen.
I don't know when, or even if,
that you'll ever get to see Ethan again.
But I can give him some clarity
about his father.
I'm not gonna torture you.
Okay? I'm not gonna kill you.
That's not who I am.
[Warren sighing]
If you don't tell me what I wanna know,
I'm just gonna give you to the FBI.
Okay. They're gonna charge you
for treason,
then they'll rewrite
the entire narrative of your life.
And whatever it is that they decide
to tell Ethan about you…
that's all he's ever gonna know.
Or you can answer my questions
honestly and promptly,
and I'll explain to Ethan.
Okay? I will, I promise.
I'll explain to him that his father
did the right thing in the end.
Okay?
I'll make sure, personally,
that he understands
that his father had a good side.
And that's something that I never got.
[Warren breathing heavily]
-What do you wanna know?
-Bangkok.
What was the intel you were passing on?
Who were you selling it to?
[Warren sighing]
He said his name was Arthur.
Okay? But it had to be an alias.
And I got the feeling
he wasn't the actual buyer.
He… he was more like the middleman.
There was another man at the drop.
He sort of stood out.
Beard, white suit, no tie.
He was watching the whole thing,
the handoff. Who was he?
I don't know. I only traded with Arthur.
I had no idea who he was working with.
Hey, why would I lie?
Huh? Why would I lie now?
Let's find out.
Who compromised the Night Action line?
Who's the fucking mole
that got my partner killed?
I don't know. What's a Night Action?
Look, I was working alone. All right?
[Warren breathing heavily]
I needed to get Ethan
away from Patricia and that…
asshole, Frank.
When I started working overseas,
I begged Patricia to come with me.
She said we couldn't pull Ethan
out of school.
So… so I went by myself.
Then she started having an affair
with that… that… that shitbag architect.
Ended up divorcing me.
Then I fucking lose custody?
-I mean--
-[Peter] Okay, okay.
Bangkok. What intel were you selling?
There was a covert military program
initiated at the behest of the CIA.
The file I sold was from
the early stages of development.
It was theoretical shit, okay?
Nothing serious.
The whole program was shuttered years ago.
What program?
It was called Foxglove.
It dealt with experimental weapons
that were mostly chemical--
[gun firing]
[suspenseful music playing]
[chair clattering]
[Peter breathing heavily]
[shutter thudding]
[shutter thudding loudly]
[cell phone ringing]
[sinister music playing]
[cell phone stops]
[indistinct chatter]
[cell phone ringing]
[Peter panting]
[suspenseful music swelling]
[cell phone continues ringing]
Hello?
[dramatic sting playing]
[ending theme music playing]
[theme music ends]